README.md, before:

# Welcome to ToonWeb

Here you can post your(favorite) anime/cartoon along with the genre it falls under, and describe a quick summary of that anime you are creating. 

In this directory, you'll find instruction how to use the app.

# Installation 
This project was created as part of the Flatiron School's program. To see it in action:

Fork and clone this repo to your local computer. 'cd' into the app, run 'bundle install', 'rake db:migrate'(if necessary), launch 'rails s' in the terminal. Open up your browser and input the local url provided by your rails server. 

# Usage
Once in the browser, you will be given a choice to either sign up or log in. If this is your first time here, go ahead and sign up. Once signed up you will be able to see the feed page, your own page, and also go back to the homepage as well. You may create a post, read other's post, update your own post, and finally delete your post, aka CRUD actions. You may signup/login with google for third-party authentication. 

# Development 

After following the installation instruction.   

You will need to set up your own google authentication keys, here are the resources and instructions to do so: 

[https://rubygems.org/gems/omniauth-google-oauth2/versions/1.0.0]
[https://github.com/zquestz/omniauth-google-oauth2]


Gems Needed:
```
gem 'dotenv-rails'

gem 'omniauth'
gem 'omniauth-google-oauth2'
gem 'omniauth-rails_csrf_protection'

```

# Contribution 

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the code of conduct.

# Licensing 

The application is available as open source under the terms of the MIT License.

# Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the ToonWeb app's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the code of conduct.

Commit message:

Updated readme.md added link instructions for google authentication

README.md, after:

# Welcome to ToonWeb

Here you can post your(favorite) anime/cartoon along with the genre it falls under, and describe a quick summary of that anime you are creating. 

In this directory, you'll find instruction how to use the app.

# Installation 
This project was created as part of the Flatiron School's program. To see it in action:

Fork and clone this repo to your local computer. 'cd' into the app, run 'bundle install', 'rake db:migrate'(if necessary), launch 'rails s' in the terminal. Open up your browser and input the local url provided by your rails server. 

# Usage
Once in the browser, you will be given a choice to either sign up or log in. If this is your first time here, go ahead and sign up. Once signed up you will be able to see the feed page, your own page, and also go back to the homepage as well. You may create a post, read other's post, update your own post, and finally delete your post, aka CRUD actions. You may signup/login with google for third-party authentication. 

# Development 

After following the installation instruction.   

You will need to set up your own google authentication keys, here are the resources and instructions to do so: 

[https://rubygems.org/gems/omniauth-google-oauth2/versions/1.0.0]
[https://github.com/zquestz/omniauth-google-oauth2]


Gems Needed:
```
gem 'dotenv-rails'

gem 'omniauth'
gem 'omniauth-google-oauth2'
gem 'omniauth-rails_csrf_protection'

```

You may also check out this descriptive blog I wrote on how to use google authentication:
https://lorencipriano.medium.com/google-authentication-for-rails-ddfcaa3cb7d4

# Contribution 

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the code of conduct.

# Licensing 

The application is available as open source under the terms of the MIT License.

# Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the ToonWeb app's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the code of conduct.
